README.md, before:

# JournalTask

# Description
- Fork the repo to your Github https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo.
- Push your work to your forked repo "user-name/JournalTask".
- Create pull request in the original repo "devsquads/JournalTask"

# Story
Samir the chief editor in “legen- wait for it-dary news” asked the journal owner Yehia to make him an appointment with DevSquads their technical partner to ask them for help.
He wants to make an app that would help him manage the articles that being posted by the journalists, Samir is the only one that can delete articles, and approve the articles to be published, every article has a title, description, and author name.


# Requirements
- List of articles sorted by most popular authors ( who has the highest number of published articles).
- Create article.
- Delete article.
- When an author view all articles, they see their own articles first.
- e2e tests.
- Edit README to include the required steps to run your application.

# Stack
- Choosing the tech stack is up to you(Java is preferred).

# Nice to have
- Organized and well written git commit history.
- unit tests.

# Task Deadline
- Thursday 10/12/2020 12:00 PM.

Commit message:

Updated README with steps to run the package.

README.md, after:

# JournalTask

# Required Steps to Run the package
# Setup
1- cd path/to/flaskblog
2-Optional: set up a virtual environment using virtualenv.
3-Install the required packages: pip install -r requirements.txt
4-Set the secret key for session encryption: export SECRET_KEY=<your_secret_key_here> (if you're just testing, the length of the string doesn't matter).
5-Enable export DEBUG=1  debug mode for the built-in server (enabling debugging is recommended for testing; if you plan to run the app on a production server, though, debugging should be disabled).

6-python run.py.

# Description
- Fork the repo to your Github https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo.
- Push your work to your forked repo "user-name/JournalTask".
- Create pull request in the original repo "devsquads/JournalTask"

# Story
Samir the chief editor in “legen- wait for it-dary news” asked the journal owner Yehia to make him an appointment with DevSquads their technical partner to ask them for help.
He wants to make an app that would help him manage the articles that being posted by the journalists, Samir is the only one that can delete articles, and approve the articles to be published, every article has a title, description, and author name.


# Requirements
- List of articles sorted by most popular authors ( who has the highest number of published articles).
- Create article.
- Delete article.
- When an author view all articles, they see their own articles first.
- e2e tests.
- Edit README to include the required steps to run your application.

# Stack
- Choosing the tech stack is up to you(Java is preferred).

# Nice to have
- Organized and well written git commit history.
- unit tests.

# Task Deadline
- Thursday 10/12/2020 12:00 PM.
